GNU inetutils - The GNU Network Utilities

This is a distribution of common networking utilities and servers.

The individual utilities were originally derived from the 4.4BSDLite2
distribution.  Many features were integrated from NetBSD, OpenBSD,
FreeBSD and GNU/Linux

The file `paths' contains a list of all paths used by programs in this
distribution, and rules to find values for them.  To change a path
PATH_FOO, you may either tell configure, by using
`--with-path-foo=VALUE' (where VALUE may contain references to make
variables such as `$(bindir)'), or edit the `paths' file.

If you wish to build only the clients or only the servers, you may
wish to use the --disable-servers or --disable-clients options when
invoking `configure'.  You can also use --enable-<program> or
--disable-<program> to control whether to build individual programs;
if you explicitly specify whether to build a program, that will
override the values specified by --disable-clients or
--disable-servers.

The GNU whois client reads a whois-servers file to figure out which
whois server to use.  It won't always pick the best server;
whois.internic.net seems to know something about nic.ddn.mil, but the
GNU whois client will use nic.ddn.mil to look up nic.ddn.mil if you
use the configuration file we supply.  Our configuration file probably
also does not have a complete list of whois servers; feel free to send
information about additional whois servers to the bug reporting
address.

Notes:

1) All of the r* commands clients, rcp, rlogin, rsh, need to be
   install setuid root to work correctly because they use privileged
   ports for communication.

Some known deficiencies:

 - Non-Shishi Kerberos support does not build.  Patches welcome.

 - InetUtils does not build on HP-UX 11.00, Cygwin, Minix, MinGW,
   MSCV, BeOS, Haiki (and probably other systems as well).  Patches
   welcome.

See the file INSTALL for installation instructions.

Please send all bug reports to <bug-inetutils@gnu.org>.

========================================================================

Copyright (C) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005,
2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.
